it's the 2014 NFL Draft season and who
better to discuss the incoming rookies
than the college football geek himself
Todd devries what's going on Todd not
much bill aaliyah how many more days
till the draft a couple months we're in
that territory where it's the NFL
offseason but there's always something
going on at football nation what do you
say we discussed the five winners from
the 2014 NFL combine we can started off
with your number five player the
offensive tackle out of Michigan Taylor
Lewan hey you know bill six-foot-seven
309 pounder and he was clearly the most
most athletic offensive lineman in
Indianapolis he ran a 487 40 bill that's
moving when you were 300 nine-pounder so
this guy did nothing to hurt his draft
stock he probably will be one of the top
three or four offensive linemen to go in
the draft in men moving over to number
four player Aaron Donald the defensive
tackle at a Pittsburgh this guy finished
in the top five in four different
combine categories including the bench
and 40-yard dash hey Bill they're
comparing him to Geno Atkins which is a
pretty solid complement their this guy
swept all of the college football awards
on the defensive side of the ball last
fall and like you said he ran like a
fullback he ran a 4.6 840 she's a
defensive tackle bill please oh yeah
this guy's cemented himself as a
first-round talent maybe even a top 20
pick we haven't talked about any wide
receivers yet but a player that hopes to
baby stop some wide receivers in the NFL
is justin gilbert the quarterback from
oklahoma state what did you like from
his combine well Billy ran a 4.37 40
which is the fourth fastest of anyone in
Indianapolis and he's a big corner bill
he's not one of these small guys he's
six foot two hundred pounder kind of
like those Seattle cornerbacks that won
the Super Bowl last month so he's
prototypical size and he's got the speed
to go along with it I think he'll be the
first corner back off the board in the
draft
the 2013 bullying took off winner for
the best wide receiver in college
football was Brandin cooks what did you
like about his performance in
Indianapolis well bill when you're
smaller smaller in stature like Brandon
Cook says he only 5 10 189 pounds you
better be fast and he was a 4.33 40
second fastest in the entire combine he
moved great he had a lot of burst coming
out of all this breaks and I know he
opened a bunch of eyes so he went from
being a potential second round pick to
maybe a late first-round early
second-round type of player your number
one performer at the 2014 NFL Combine is
the mac man Khalil Mack at the Buffalo
Bill he had a lot of hype going into the
combine and he lived up to the hype this
guy might be a top six seven eight pick
now ran a 4.6 5 40 40 inch vertical he's
one of those hybrid defensive end
offensive or outside linebacker types
he's a pass rusher bill and he did
nothing to hurt his draft stock again
top 6 7 8 pick overall in men those are
your 2014 top 5 combine winners for more
NFL draft coverage check out football
nation com